My Comments:
I have mixed feelings about my own performance this semester. I communicated well and worked as hard as I could while juggling my other classes, but I definitely fell short of expectations a bit in the last couple demos. Part of this was on me, but part of it definitely was due to communication. I had to redo my websocket twice due to poor communication and my implementation already being worked on by Jake, which was fine except that all my work for a whole week had to be redone. I definitely should have worked harder to get it done though as it wasn't fully functional at the time of the demo, and I only have myself to blame for that. Otherwise, I think I did great considering where I was at the beginning of the semester, and I think the rest of my work in the Controllers and other Backend Classes shows that. I'll take whatever grade you guys think is appropriate and use this as a learning experience to improve in the future. My communication could have been better, I got frustrated with Jake for working on my own code when I shouldn't have, as he was just trying to help, and this semester taught me I really need to step up my Java and Coding skills if I am going to succeed in future classes and my career.

Jakes Comments:
I think that Jake was a great teammate overall, but man was he tough to work with sometimes. I was unable to reach him a fair bit over the project, and several times he wrote whatever module I was working on, rendering my work useless. As a result, for several of the demos I was scrambling to write something new that would satisfy the requirements, and was often rushed or not fully functional. I would have loved to make these issues clear, but it wasn't easy to contact him so I didn't find out about these issues until 4 or 5 days until a demo, and it was very tough. Don't get me wrong, he wrote tremendously good code and contributed a lot to this project, but as a teammate, he didn't do the best job.

Jared's Comments:
I didn't communicate with Jared too much this semester since he was on Frontend and I was on Backend, but the times I worked with him it was very easy to communicate with him and knock out any errors or issues we had. I am glad to have had him as a teammate, and I think he did a great job on this project.

Tyler's Comments:
Tyler did an awesome job on this project. He was always available quickly for questions and debugging the frontend-backend connection, and was great at managing our team to be successful. Tyler was always available to work and did a great job of managing deadlines and keeping the team on track, any meeting we had that he was present in he made sure to keep the milestones and goals clear.